0.  BMP can be 2 colors (1 bit), 16 colors (4 bits), 256 colors (8 bits), 16.7 million colors (24 bits); 
JPG supports 16.7 million colors (24 bits);  
The GIF format supports 256 colors (8 bits); 
The PNG format supports 256 colors (8 bits) but can be extend to 16.7 million colors (24 bits);
1.  GIF
2.  With lossless compression, every single bit of data that was originally in the file remains after the file is uncompressed. 
All of the information is completely restored. lossy compression reduces a file by permanently eliminating certain information, 
especially redundant information. When the file is uncompressed, only a part of the original information is still there.
3.  JPEG
4.  First, the system modifies the filename’s first character in the file’s directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted and 
that the directory entry can be recycled. Second, the system moves all of the file’s FAT clusters to the hard drive’s list of free clusters. 
The actual file data is never touched.
5.  You can Physically destroying the drive, rendering it unusable • Degaussing the drive to randomize the magnetic domains—most likely 
rendering the drive unusable in the process • Overwriting the drive’s data so that it cannot be recovered
6.  stdint.h is a header file in the C standard library allow programmers to write more portable code by providing a set of typedefs that specify 
exact-width integer types, together with the defined minimum and maximum allowable values for 
each type, using macros[
7.  7. It documents your intent what type of data want you use - you will be storing numbers,
which are exactly specific number of bites wide
8.  BYTE = 1 byte;
DWORD = 4 bytes
LONG = 4 bytes
WORD = 2 bytes
9.  The first two byes means a WORD type and it’s bfType. It’s Specifies the file type. It must be set to the signature word BM (0x4D42) to indicate bitmap.
10. biSize > The number of bytes required by the structure.
bfSize > The size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.
11. If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB with the origin at the upper
12. The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure
bits that define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap.
13. Because it can be no existing file so if it's no existing file available to open it returns null.
14. It define how many elements we want to read. We just want to read one BITMAPINFOHEADER that's why valur is exual 1.
15. (4 - (3 * sizeof(RGBTRIPLE)) % 4) % 4=3
16. 16. sets the file position of the stream to the given offset.
17. This is an integer constant which, when used as the whence the fseek or fseeko function, specifies that the offset provided is relative to the 
current file position.
18. Rob Bowden with a cat
